All right, let's get started.
Good morning, evening, or wherever you are.
Good morning, family.
It's almost morning.
We're going to go over some things that we saw yesterday in prayer, and we just want to give God all the glory for what he does on this channel.
I told Diana while we were talking today that we have one of the largest prayer gatherings in the world as far as coming on and praying and having a channel for prayer.
We have one of the largest, if not the largest, prayer channels in the world, and that is consistent.
People pray all the time, but isn't Jesus wonderful for what he has done on here?
I just give all the glory to Jesus.
I said, 'Lord, that we would make your name great.
' Father, I am just telling the people that you're coming.
It is exciting to see what you're doing on this channel.
But I want to go over some things.
Braden, isn't it amazing that we had Atlanta today on the news concerning the airport?
Baby, could you read that?
'Terror aboard Frontier flight as loaded gun magazine is found near seat as it prepared to depart Atlanta airport.
' I said the Atlanta airport is highlighted to me now.
Is that what I was shown?
No.
Is this a coincidence?
God works in mysterious ways, they always say.
But what if that one incident of us praying even last night causes them to get—I don't want to say fired, as someone might have lost their job over that—but it got enough attention from the media to say, 'Listen, you all need to be paying attention even more so during this Thanksgiving.
' It only takes a few people because people can become laxadaisical in their job after doing something for so long.
All it takes is a little bit to get their attention.
What if this was the attention that was needed for them to start doing their job more effectively to catch what we're praying about regarding Atlanta?
I said, 'Lord, that coincidence.
' It wasn't Miami; it wasn't New York; it was Atlanta.
Diana and the staff were like, 'We've got to go over things; we've got to talk about this.
We don't know how we missed this.
This is a big mishap, a gun ammo clip, and all this stuff.
We have to make sure security is tighter.
' And I thought, 'Isn't Jesus wonderful?
' I know that he works, and I see his hand in this.
No one was hurt or injured.
A gun clip is harmless without the firearm, but it's enough to raise awareness to make them super attentive to their jobs for this Thanksgiving holiday season because those employees, I guarantee you, will be thinking, 'I don't want to get in trouble or fired if we let something like this happen again.
' I thought, 'Wow, Diana, that cannot be a coincidence.
' So I just give all the glory to God for that.
One of the major city airports the Lord highlighted to me was Atlanta.
He said, 'Pray over Atlanta.
This is a hot spot.
' And when it happened today, people were saying, 'Braden, is this the hot spot?
Is this what you saw?
' I'm like, 'No, it's much worse.
What the Lord showed me was a catastrophic event.
' But God, prayer changes things.
I believe this is a result of prayer working on our behalf already.
Don't put God in a box.
You might think they're going to apprehend a guy with a carry-on bag and a SWAT team, but maybe, just maybe, the heightened security would thwart, as I said the word, thwart the bad guy from wanting to do something even more so.
We know they got the budget passed today in the House, and now it's off to the president's desk.
Isn't Jesus wonderful?
Another thing that happened—I'm not trying to attack the 50-year mark.
I wasn't attacking President Trump.
I'm for President Trump.
I pray for him probably more than I've prayed for any president ever before in my life.
I have interceded for this man because I know what he has to get done and what the Lord has shown me about his future and what he has to accomplish concerning the end times and the church.
Could God use somebody else?
Yes, but he has somebody that he can use right now.
Regarding the 50-year mortgage, as much as my opinion is—after I saw how much the interest was—people say, 'Braden, it's affordable and it makes it where I can buy a house.
' If that's your avenue and this happens, this is what I saw: a housing boom coming, a mortgage boom, a green arrow going up, and the houses were transparent.
I believe it could be because of the timing.
I saw it coming around January or the first of the year.
Here we are at Thanksgiving, and we're talking about it.
So for the people who want a 50-year mortgage, praise God.
It's not my business.
Look at that graph.
If that's what you're believing God for, I'm believing that you'll be debt-free.
I'm believing God that you'll owe no man anything but to love him.
I believe that the Bible says that a seed produces after its own kind.
Whatsoever man soweth, that will he also reap.
I believe that you won't have to have a 50-year mortgage, that you'll be the lender unto many and you shall not borrow.
That's just what I believe.
But you have to let people be where their faith is.
If their faith is at a 50-year mortgage, you can't knock them.
Everybody's been dealt a measure of faith, but how you exercise and grow it is up to you every single day.
I'm not knocking anybody because I've been there.
But looking at 50 years is a long time.
I don't even know if I'll be alive; I had to do the math.
Anyway, going over the vision—was there anything else you want to show in the news, baby?
Oh, I want you to see this video my son found.
This is General Flynn.
We met General Flynn at Clay Clark's event.
I want to show you what he says about what he believes we're about to see.
I don't believe he watches my channel, but he is saying what the spirit of God is saying—what I'm warning you about—regarding a major attack against America.
And to pray.
This is why we're here.
So, I want you to play this, Braden, a little bit and let them hear what General Flynn said.
He's on the inside.
He knows.
He hears the chatter—that's what I'm trying to say.
So, that was an amazing interview, by the way.
I would encourage everybody—I get into stuff like that when Braden finds stuff because whenever it's going along with what the Lord has told me, I go, 'You know, you don't want to be flaky.
' There's so much of what the Lord shows me on a consecutive basis that when Braden finds me stuff like that, he goes, 'Daddy, this will encourage you that what the Lord is telling you and what you're praying about all the time in the car driving around and praying in the house when I hear you praying—Daddy, other people are saying this, and they're not in your prayer chain.
These are people that are in the world.
' And I don't know if General Flynn knows Jesus Christ or not.
I pray he does.
But it's interesting when a man of his caliber goes on Alex Jones and warns the nation that he believes in 90 days.
Was it 90 days?
No, he said 40 days.
39 days.
90.
It was 90.
Okay.
Within 90 days.
Within 90 days was the same time frame the Lord said, all the way going into the 4th of July.
Praying into this time frame as I was seeing, and people said, 'Brendon, did you say many 9/11s?
' I said, 'Many with a Y.
' No, small but many of them.
They're small but many is what I saw.
Like a bunch, but many, like small.
Does that make sense?
Many, many, many.
It was a play on words, I guess.
But many, many 9/11s.
This is where I saw a thousand men that were operatives from a country, not terrorists, an actual group of men that were trained people that were here and infiltrated.
And that's why I tried to—a thousand of them.
And I've said it: 10 cities.
10 cities over and over again.
100 men per city spread out into towns.
Two men per town.
Some of those towns were bigger; they had three.
And they spread the people out.
And the Lord said they even, as a flex, went into Honolulu with three men.
And I saw three men specifically.
And you know what?
I thought it was interesting because, you know, we are researchers.
I always say 'we'—I don't pull my toe—and it's Braden and Diana who are researchers, and I depend on them for so much.
And they said—who was it, you or Braden?
—they said, 'I found the 41st floor.
' Who lives on the 41st floor?
There's mama 404.
He died in July in the tower.
He passed away in July.
The man that lived on the 41st floor passed away in July.
He's not even here no more.
The 40th floor is occupied, but they won't tell you.
The 41st floor is for sale for $10 million.
$10 million.
I thought that's kind of interesting.
He passed away in July, and he was Brazilian and he was a con man from what I've understood.
Right.
He got in trouble.
I don't know.
He was indicted.
Something happened.
I don't know.
Don't quote me on it.
I'm not trying to defame anybody; I just thought it was something that he was in trouble with.
But the 41st floor is no longer, and it's 10 million bucks, and that's the floor of the Lord.
So pay attention to the 41st and 40th floor.
So they did research.
Who's on the 40th floor?
What is it?
Trump's on the 57th from what I understood.
So he's on up, because the Lord said, 'Pay attention to his towers.
Pay attention to these things.
' So why would it be an empty apartment complex that the Lord said to pay attention to?
I don't know.
But I know I hear the Lord, and I know he said specifically to pay attention to that floor.
So we pay attention to that floor just like he said, 'Pay attention to Atlanta.
' Pay attention to these things that I tell you, and you intercede.
Now we're going to go on.
Amy Coney.
Yeah.
Coney Barrett.
The Supreme Court.
The Lord called her a Caiaphas.
And he said Caiaphas—which I didn't know what I'm telling y'all, sorry, but I didn't know.
I was like, 'What is it?
' So we start...
he was the one that betrayed Jesus.
He was the one that was the head Pharisee that went after Jesus.
The head Pharisee.
High priest.
The high priest.
So the Lord's saying that the same type of shadow is...
Trump, Jesus?
No, that's not what the Lord was saying.
He said, 'I saw deep anger in her heart toward him.
' And the Lord God help me, I can't say—I don't want to say certain things again tonight.
But he said there was deep anger in her heart because of things she knew that no one else knew because of her position.
And that's whenever I try to say not everybody always comes out squeaky clean in life, right?
They know the Epstein files.
They know a lot of things.
I'm sure they know a lot of things.
And I'm not saying Trump's in the Epstein file—I'm not going to get involved in all that.
But there's something there with her heart, why she has turned so sour.
And the Lord said to me, 'Pray for her heart.
' Not her physical heart, but her heart toward the circumstances.
She's bitter.
She's gotten angry.
She knows something, but there's something more there.
Her face changed.
Hardness set in.
What is this?
What does she know that we don't know?
And I was praying over her to make decisions for what we want in the days ahead, that she would not have a political opinion, that it would be a constitutional opinion.
You know, we don't want any judge going with Democrat or Republican.
We want them to go with what the Constitution says, what the law of the land says, and make good godly decisions concerning the law.
If they go with the Republicans next time—if they're Democrats, then they'll go—but we like it when they're conservative because it goes with what we believe, which is that the Bible is the law.
We want them going with the Word of God.
You know, let's go with what the Bible says every time.
But usually conservatives do that.
But I was seeing that we need to pray concerning the judges going into 2026.
And the Lord said this will be all the way through 2026, 2027, and 2028.
We must pray for the judges.
Not just the big judges like them, but all the other judges.
They'll really try to come against Trump and the decisions he'll make in the days ahead.
So, as I was praying over JD Vance and what I heard, the Lord said, 'You're seeing ahead of time.
You're seeing in the future.
It has not happened yet.
' I said, 'Watergate, Watergate, what is this?
' So I prayed into that all afternoon.
And I said, 'Lord, what is the Watergate with JD Vance?
What is this?
' And he said, 'Brandon, I show you a glimpse of that which is to come.
Pray for this.
Pray.
We don't want another Watergate, a modern-day Watergate.
' And he said, 'Pray into this.
' And I saw key strategic people that were involved in this.
And when it comes out, they say, 'I was forced to because of his position.
' Is that a way to say it?
'I didn't want to do it, but because of his position, I felt like I had to.
I did this on behalf of him, not wanting to.
' And I saw the strategic man who has a lot of influence with a lot of money become a rat.
Not that that was ever supposed to take place because what he did was wrong.
But the motive behind it was pressure.
So we pray for the pressure.
We pray for why the man would ask the other man to do this certain thing, why these other things would try to take place.
And the Lord said, 'You're looking into the not-too-distant future.
' And I said, 'Can we stop this then?
' Of course you can.
Of course you can.
You were to pray.
And the infection that was the size of a grapefruit that was right above his side...
it was oozing out with infection.
And the Lord said, 'Scandal, scandal.
' Remember?
And I saw a strategic knife cutting it and letting the drainage out.
But because of what he was trying to do with running for the President of the United States of America in 2028, I heard, 'Impeach, impeach, impeach,' but they didn't have enough votes to impeach him, to go after him even further, to do all these things.
But it was enough to keep him out of being what he was, what the presidency and the things was.
People didn't want to touch it, right?
I saw the African-American man with chubby cheeks.
And the Secretary of State, I saw these people running behind, but the Lord said specifically, "You're not paying attention to what you need to be paying attention to, for they're grooming a new Obama kind of a person behind the closed doors.
They're grooming somebody and they haven't come on the scene yet.
" I saw a person that had great speaking ability, and the Lord said they will be demonically—I don't want to call them possessed.
You know how you have an anointing by the Spirit of God to do things?
We can lay hands on the sick and we see them recover, but it's not you that does it.
It's the Holy Ghost in you, right?
There's a demonic anointing on people to do certain things like equipping.
Equipping, that's a good word.
Thanks.
An equipping to get the job done by far leftist, right-thinking.
And it was a demonic anointing.
I hate to use "anointing" because that's not—I don't like—how would that word be?
It's not anointing because that's what we have.
It's an ability.
It's a demonic ability like Superman.
I don't know what else to say, y'all, because it's definitely anointing.
We walk in anointing.
It's a demonic presence.
An endowment.
Is that a good word?
Yeah.
I think—I don't know—I'm not very good.
I'm trying.
No.
So you'll get my point.
But it made, like what you would see operating, an operation of them—they were empowered.
They were demonically empowered.
Yeah.
So there you go.
You can edit all that out.
It makes me sound like a weirdo.
It's live, but I'm doing the best I can with my words.
They were empowered.
Thank you.
They were empowered by darkness.
And I saw this person being like an Obama with their speech, and they were luring you in similar to how music does in the secular realm.
And this person was being groomed, and the Lord said, "You're not paying attention to the right thing.
" So, a demonic empowerment, an influence driven by it.
So I saw that, and then I saw moral scandal.
And then I saw Monica Lewinsky.
I saw Marilyn Monroe.
I heard the word JFK.
I heard JFK, Marilyn Monroe, and then I heard Monica Lewinsky.
And then I heard another scandal.
And that's what I was praying over again today.
And people say, "Brandon, these are things that we can avert and we can stop as the body of Christ, to pray into these things.
" So, yeah, the Lord said, "Leave it there.
Don't go anymore.
" So that's what we're going to do.
So that's what we're going to pray over.
And we'll pray over the nation.
We pray over the covering over this nation.
And regardless of whoever are the people that are involved in this that the Lord is trying to protect, we pray over who God wants in power, and regardless of people messing it up through their flesh, right?
We want the right person to get the job done.
Now, as I was seeing the budget be passed, I saw a plane take off, and the Lord said, "Today's the day of the beginning of the turnaround.
Pray into that.
" Now, this is what I saw: I saw the plane taking off.
And I was at Oral Roberts University.
We were driving over there today, and I was driving down the hill going to ORU, and I saw the airport by ORU, and I saw the plane taking off, and the Lord said, "This is the beginning of a turnaround.
" As I was watching the clouds, I saw this, and I said, "This is the beginning of a turnaround.
Pray into that for the nation.
" And that was why the cruise ship was behind you, because I told Braden, "This is the beginning of the turn.
" But see, a boat takes a long time to turn around.
It doesn't happen all at once.
A plane can really put some G-force and really change things really fast.
But that big boat behind me, it takes a little bit.
You see that boat?
I'll get down there; you can see that boat.
That boat takes a little bit.
And the Lord said, "Start praying into that.
America's in trouble, y'all.
And I know a lot of people say you're not going to experience all this.
And, you know, I understand why you say it, because you say it out of fear.
A lot of times, and you're in faith, you say, but a lot of it's based out of a seed of fear—worried about the plague, worried about things.
You're elderly, a lot of you, and you don't want to die from a plague.
I didn't say we would if you use the scripture.
Well, I believe it never will happen.
Well, you're standing against the Word.
Matthew 24 said it would.
Jesus said it would.
It came right out of His own mouth.
He warned us that we would see these things.
And we're not going to contradict what God Himself, Jesus in the flesh, said we were going to experience: wars.
These are the signs, because the disciples asked Him, "What are the signs of Your coming, Master?
" Well, let me tell you, there'll be wars and rumors of wars.
There'll be plagues and pestilences.
There'll be earthquakes in diverse places.
But—I don't want to misquote it—"Fear not, but this is the beginning of sorrows.
" And He warned us that this stuff was going to take place.
So we've had, He said, plural, more than one plague.
He didn't say one, "We're going to have COVID.
" It's not what He said.
You'll have earthquakes.
You'll have wars and rumors of wars.
You'll have plagues.
You'll have pestilences.
You'll have these things.
He didn't say one.
So what does that tell you?
If we are in the beginning of sorrows, if we really are there, we're going to see these things.
So what does that mean for the body of Christ?
That means you need to know who you are.
Either you have a backbone like a crowbar or you don't.
And that's why the Lord said, "Rally the troops, wake people up.
Call them.
Call to prayer.
Be consistent.
Be instant in season and out of season.
Pray.
I need you to be serious about this and do this for me.
" And I've done it; I'm doing the best I can.
And I tell you what the Lord tells us to say.
So then the other part was praying over what I saw concerning Israel.
I saw, pretty much you would know who it was, Bibi.
And I saw Gantz come back.
Everybody thought I was talking about Bill Clinton—or, not Bill Clinton, George Bush—or any of these others, or Obama coming back.
I'm not talking about America.
I was talking about Israel, and the Lord showed me that the one man would be taken out and the other one put back in.
And I heard a word, and when I heard the word, I didn't know what I was hearing.
And when I said it, I wish I never would have said it because I was like, "Oh my God, Brandon, pull those words back.
" It's not something you want to say on live.
So those words don't exist on there anymore.
So, you know, when you're seeing these things and you're releasing things so quickly, and then you find out what it means when you talk to people of intelligence, you go, "Oh, dear God, I've got to pray.
" Okay, we should pray more; this is very serious.
So the Lord said he was like Saul.
The Lord said he was like Saul.
There were things that He had asked him to do that he was disobedient in.
Saul was disobedient by not killing all the kings and doing what He had asked him to do.
He didn't obey, and he started talking to soothsayers.
He started doing things that were very bad, and he got possessed with a demonic spirit.
Think about that.
He opened the door.
But I saw a door open, and then I saw that man removed.
And the Lord said what's about to happen will be an acceleration of the end times.
I saw an acceleration of the end times—third temple.
But this will be a pressure on the end times, an acceleration.
Does that make sense, what I'm trying to tell y'all?
And I know there's probably people that really get ticked off about what I just said, especially in my circle, but that's what I saw.
It's not something that bothered me a lot, but people said, "Brandon, it's heavy what you say.
You look like you're really tired.
Are you going through something?
" Have you ever brought something like that on the internet to 150,000 or a million people and told them something that heavy when he has family, and said all this that I'm seeing?
I thank God he did.
I didn't say who the pastors were that I saw.
According to 1 Corinthians 5:5, the Lord gave me that and said this would begin.
He said, "I've given the year of 2025 of great grace going into this timeframe, Brandon," but he said the cup of it is full before Him and He's handing this over.
It's not me doing it, but it's going to be so that they do not basically burn in hell because of disobedience.
People said, "What about grace, Brandon?
What about all this?
" I'm not God.
I'm not here to judge anybody.
I'm here to tell you what I've heard.
And the Lord said, "To much is given, much is required.
" With great power comes great responsibility.
That's from Spider-Man, but you can quote it for God, too.
Do you understand?
The Lord said to me, "We're out of time, Brandon.
And they're not telling My people that I'm coming, and I'm holding them accountable for it.
" A great shaking will take place in the church.
As I see all this stuff, it's heavy.
So, if I have a heavy countenance, this is heavy because I saw the men, I know who they are, and I saw what was going to happen.
I know specific events that will take place in each one of their lives, and I was not allowed to tell you all, but I saw hard days for some folks.
Some of them I know, and it would make me weep.
I told Diana, "You know, whenever He comes and talks to me and He visits and He says these things to me and I see it all, you carry it a little bit because you carry His heart.
" People are stiff-necked and God's got to get your attention because your head is in the clouds and you ignore Him.
He's yelling as loud as He can to the point where now you just go, 'Well, you know, I'll do what I want to do because I have a platform.
I have money.
I have this and that.
' But He gave it all to you.
It's all about making His name great.
The money, the fame, the platform—whatever you may have—it was all given to you by Him for His glory.
But most took it as if it was them.
And that's what the Lord was saying to me: "To much is given, much is required.
" And some will depart this earth, but the younger ones won't.
They're going to go through a trial.
Some of them have huge platforms, but they'll go through a trial.
Maybe their wife will go home.
But it was very heavy—heavy stuff that He gives me.
I pray over it and I say, "Lord," and He said, "I'm not out of mercy.
I'm out of time.
We're out of time.
Jesus is coming.
" And there's a generation that doesn't know.
All these young people, if I come back, they're all going to hell.
Do you understand?
There's a bunch of people that do not know Me.
Millions, billions do not know Me.
And yet it's still status quo: 30-minute sermon, offering, rock and roll music, whatever.
You send people on their way, but there's no urgency to tell them that My Son's return is at hand.
Maybe it's a watered-down, poor sermon, and that's the megachurch.
The Lord told me, "Those days are done.
" And He said, "You'll see the manifestation of it even more in 2026.
" Now, when I'm talking about the fine line and He shows me all these things, you're going to see the glory to the remnant, the people that are awake.
You're going to see people start walking in miracles like you wouldn't believe.
It's going to be a shaking.
People are going to see it and go, "What is going on?
" And that's what He said.
There will be people that walk in the prophetic that will have an overshadowing of Me like the men of the Bible, and they will speak things and they will appear before their face because it would be God inside superimposed.
It was like an overshadowing—whatever you speak, your words come to life, and they will not return unto Me void, but they will accomplish whereto I sent them.
The Lord said, "These words will manifest.
You will watch over your words.
" So I will overshadow the prophetic, and true prophetic voices will rise up.
A lot of the chicanery and a lot of stuff you see around is nonsense; it will fade away.
But a true manifestation of the prophetic voice will rise up with signs, wonders, healings, demonstrations, and manifestations of the glory of God.
He said, "You will see prophetic like you've never seen it in this generation.
" Words will be heavy.
Words will have great impact because it's God-inspired, like an overshadowing.
I don't know how else to explain it, but He said this generation has never seen this before.
Be watchful over what you say.
They'll have a mysteriousness and be reclusive.
You'll be set apart.
You won't be able to go amongst the people like that.
You'll speak only what I tell you to speak into these crowds.
I thought it was interesting, some of the faces I see that will walk in this, because He gives me certain ministers and He'll say, "There are a lot of people right now, Brandon, that you don't even know who they are.
There are no names.
" But say only what the Spirit of the Lord says.
I saw words of knowledge giftings like we've never seen before.
People walking in words of knowledge.
A lot of people were really drawn to William Branham before he got a little off on the wrong track.
The Lord said that's all the people knew with William Branham.
The Lord showed me people walking in words of knowledge and addresses, things like that that we've never seen before in an accuracy that we've only touched a little bit of.
But He said it will all be about giving God glory—to attract and to deflect.
You're going to see supernatural manifestation of the giftings of God like we've never seen before: words of knowledge and healings.
And it will be mysterious.
He's been speaking to me about the mysteria.
It will be something like you've never seen before.
There will be people that just look shiny, but it's not about giving you glory; it's about giving Him glory.
I saw words of knowledge and creative miracles flowing, and the prophetic flowing like we've never seen before, with healing evangelists, miracles, pastoral giftings, and evangelical teaching.
The five-fold ministry being breathed upon for this last generation.
It's almost like you plug into a 110 and then you get 220.
There's a big difference in power, but both serve a purpose.
Wait until you get the 220.
It'll make your hair stand up.
We're about to experience the glory like we've never seen before.
He said, "I'm bringing in My harvesters, My closers, My great influencers.
Get ready for things you've never seen before.
It will be church unusual, so that we make His name great, not our own.
" That we make his name great, not our own.
You must remember this.
That's what he said to me.
You must remember this: it's to make my name great.
He said, and I said, 'Yes, Lord.
I get it.
But we will see signs and wonders like you wouldn't believe.
' And the Lord said, 'I want you.
' He's bringing these people into position right now.
He's bringing in the last, the closers, the ones that are built for pressure.
But to the ones that have a platform right now, 1 Corinthians 5:5, you'll see.
Because they didn't do what he wanted them to do, it became about them.
It wasn't about making his name great; it was about making theirs.
And it became so much more that they get distracted.
And that's why he said, 'I don't mind you having the money.
I don't mind you having a nice jet.
I don't mind you having a nice house.
Those things are fine as long as they don't have you, as long as it is not a distraction.
It's a tool; it's a tool for ministry.
' And God doesn't want any of his people looking busted.
You represent him.
If you walk in a place and you look homely and you don't look like you've taken a bath in a week, and they look at you and go, 'You represent—?
' He told me that's why, regarding my weight.
I'm just being real; I'm just real transparent, y'all.
I have nothing to hide from y'all, because if this thing goes away tomorrow and they come and say it's over, I'm going back to what I've always done.
You'll catch me at a church somewhere sometime.
But this is not me; I did this strictly because he asked me to.
I'm telling you, it's a lot of pressure making sure you say the right things because you're in front of so many people now watching you.
And me, Brandon, I just like my personal life and my privacy.
I don't go around a lot of family; I've just been that way for a long time.
I'm just me, and this whole thing has been a real trip for us—people seeing you in the grocery store and all that.
I just go, 'Hey, I don't mind shaking your hand and being nice to you, but there are a lot of times I just like to get my food and go home.
' And it's interesting; this whole thing's really interesting.
And I'm not complaining, I'm just being real.
And that's why he said about my weight.
I've had all these dreams and he talks to me about representing him.
God cares about how you look.
God cares about how clean you look when you represent him.
When you represent him, you dress for the job.
You dress for the occasion.
Well, if that's all you have and that's the best you look, he'll provide for more.
I'm telling you.
But I'm telling you, he even cares about how much weight you have on you and how you're taking care of your body.
How many times he brings up gluttony in the Bible?
How many times he brings up lust and all these other things in the Bible?
There are things that are his pet peeves, I'm telling you.
And taking care of yourself—he talks about being a glutton all the time.
And I start looking; he starts showing it to me in these dreams and I go, 'Well, I'll be.
My people perish for a lack of knowledge.
' And I start going, 'Well, if it means that much to you, you know, I want to represent you well.
I want to talk well.
When my words come out of my mouth, I don't want to sound like some backwoods person who doesn't have a lot of education.
' And I don't, but I say what he tells me to say and I do it the best I can and I keep my heart right.
You know, she has an education.
She has a master's degree.
Brandon, he barely has a GED.
But thank God for a pretty wife this smart.
I'm blessed.
But I go, 'Thank God.
' And thank God for a son that's very smart.
Between Braden and Diana, they've got the brains over here.
I go, 'Hey you guys, I appreciate you cutting me slack.
' But all glory to Jesus.
Let's take communion.
I've rambled here long enough.
Braden says it's been an hour; it keeps me up to date.
And the other guy said, 'What are you doing tapping like that?
' That's me saying that's time.
That's me trying to see how long I've been rambling.
How many people are watching?
I want to know, did I scare them all away?
If they're not here, I'm going home.
I'm going to go in there and sit in front of my TV and watch Kathryn Kuhlman or something.
If they aren't interested, neither am I.
I'll go watch Billy Burke for a little bit and feed myself.
Father, I thank you, Lord, for all that you've done for me.
You've been so good to us, Father, and I'm so thankful for your friendship.
I'm so thankful for all that you've provided.
I'm thankful, Father, for these people that are here—6,400 or whatever.
I'm thankful, Father, for every single one of these people.
And they all have needs.
They don't want to waste their time on here; they all want a touch from Jesus.
And I know that, Father, you're no respecter of persons.
And I'm asking you, Father, to become real to every single one of them.
I'm asking you, just as much as you've become real to me, that you said, 'Those that seek me will find me.
Those that knock, the door will be opened unto them.
' And the things you show me—the secret things, the hidden things that I can't even talk about on here.
Father, I thank you that you visit me.
I thank you, God.
You could visit anybody, but Father, the eyes of the Lord run to and fro throughout the whole earth looking for a heart who's perfect towards you.
And Lord, I don't always have the right heart, I'm sure.
But Father, I thank you, Lord, that our hearts get better and better every single day.
That you create in us a clean heart, Father.
That we're better in our marriage, we're better with our children, we're better as husbands and fathers as we lead our family.
And Father, I thank you, Lord, for the people that are on here tonight.
They're hungry.
It's so late at night and they're all on here.
Father, there are people that are just wanting to know what's coming.
Some of them are freaked out, but some of them are desperate because they just want a touch from Jesus and they want something authentic.
They're tired of Christian fakeness; they're looking for authenticity.
And Father, I thank you, Lord, that every single one of them, Father, find what they're looking for.
That you touch them like you've touched me.
That you touch them, Father, and they lack no good thing.
That their hearts are full of faith and their eyes are full of hope.
Their minds, Father, are looking towards you because you're the author and the finisher.
That, Father, you're the friend, you're the helper, you're everything.
And Father, I thank you, Lord, that you become real to them.
You become real to them.
And Father, I thank you, Lord, that the bondage of doubt and unbelief is broken off of their life.
Father, I thank you, Lord, that they'll become so desperate—so desperate that you'll be just like air.
How bad do you want that next breath?
How bad do you want that drink of water when you're outside in the heat?
How bad do you want food when you haven't had it in a long time, Father?
That when we're so in pursuit of you that we lose ourselves in it, that we lose ourselves in trying to find you.
Father, you said those that seek you will find you.
And I thank you, Father, that today is a day of a turnaround in many of their lives.
That this isn't just another wafer and another thing of juice; it represents something.
That Jesus Christ is a healer.
That Jesus Christ paid the price for every single one of us to walk in victory.
That the blood of Jesus reigns supreme over every demonic principality, power, spiritual wickedness in high places, witchcraft, voodoo, whatever it may be.
Jesus paid the price and he's defeated every single one of them.
Jesus did it.
And it's by his blood we are free.
Jesus paid the price for me.
No matter how many people try to curse me, no matter how many people try to hex me, Jesus paid the price for me to walk in victory.
And he gave me authority over the devil.
Father, I thank you, Lord, that no weapon formed against us is going to prosper.
Every tongue that rises against us, we condemn it; it falls to the ground.
It doesn't even bear fruit because you cannot curse whom God has blessed.
Jesus Christ blessed me.
A curse without a cause cannot stand and has no cause because of the blood of Jesus.
I am washed in the blood of Jesus.
He is the accuser of the brethren, but he can't accuse me because there's nothing to accuse; it's all under the blood.
Everything you've done wrong today, as you take this, is under the blood.
What can wash away my sin?
Nothing but the blood of Jesus.
What can make me whole again?
I'm so thankful, Father, for that blood and for your healing.
I thank you, Father, that we walk in divine health and we take this body in Jesus' name.
We thank you, Father, that what you bore in your body, we need not bear in ours.
According to Galatians 3:13, Christ has redeemed us from the curse of the law.
We take this body right now in Jesus' name.
Isn't Jesus wonderful?
I just believe it.
Father, we thank you for the authority of the believer and the power in the blood.
We take the blood and we apply it to our lives, our president, our homes, and our finances, so that we lack no good thing.
There's more than enough in the account, in your finances, and in your job.
You're the top person at the job, anointed in a way that the world is not familiar with, all for the glory of God.
We make much of the blood and apply it to our lives right now.
We thank you, Lord, for all that you've done for us in Jesus' name.
We confess our sins; it's all under the blood.
I have my Rose of Sharon oil that Billy Burke got me for Christmas last year.
I anoint my head; you should too.
I won't put a lot on you because it will run down your face; I know better now.
Father, I cover my mind and my spiritual eyes so that I have eyes to see what the Spirit shows me, uninterrupted and unhindered by any satanic or demonic force.
We plead the blood right now in Jesus' name.
Father, we thank you for showing us that which is to come, as we look through the veil.
Now we take the water.
I'll pray with you just a little bit longer, about 25 minutes.
I'm trying to come on earlier for you folks, but we'll get better at it; there is a lot going on right now.
Father, we thank you.
Many of you—6,400 of you—I feel the anointing so strong on me, especially on my spiritual eyes.
Now I see two different paths.
I want you to pray with me for Erica, Charlie's widow.
I want to lift this young woman up.
I see a storm—a very serious one.
She's already been through a major storm, but that was just the beginning of the eye of the hurricane.
We pray a hedge of protection around her.
Every false accuser and lying tongue that would come against her, I thank you that only truth will prevail.
Every false witness and lying spirit is bound in Jesus' name.
You're the lifter of the heart and the countenance.
Sometimes we walk through the valley of the shadow of death, but we fear no evil; your rod and your staff comfort us.
Do not cast down your confidence when the waves and storms of life come against you.
Look to the hills from which our help comes; our help comes from the Lord who made heaven and earth.
But he dwells on the inside of you now, so we look inward to the Holy Spirit and say, 'Father, you're the lifter of my head and my countenance.
' We cast not down our confidence; we don't give up or be weary in well-doing.
Verily, verily, all hidden things be revealed—an uncovering—for there is much more here than what you see.
I see the rabbit hole.
Conspiracies are not so much a conspiracy; it's not what it seems.
I see the Alice in Wonderland rabbit standing at the rabbit hole.
He's late.
I see a black hat.
Now I see Candace Owens' face.
What does she see?
She's standing in front of a computer, looking at an email.
We pray for her protection.
She's getting too close to something in the rabbit hole.
Her eyes are wide, like Puss in Boots when his eyes get really big as he's looking at something.
I see her looking at the computer, and even Alex Jones' face comes up.
Alex Jones knows, but he won't touch it; he has other things to focus on.
I see his face.
He turned it.
Alex Jones, and he could see the computer screen.
He was looking at it, but he didn't have the eyes for it.
I could see him turn, but he's more focused on the country and what is coming to the nation.
She's on a mission for something else.
I don't know why I'm going, "Lord, why did you call me to do this tonight?
" but I do it.
Heavy hearts.
You will say heavy hearts.
The Lord said heavy hearts, for the rabbit hole is not such a rabbit hole.
We pray over her today.
We thank you, Lord, that she'll have a radical visitation and she'll become a bigger mouthpiece for you.
It won't be about fame and it won't be about fortune, but she'll have a radical visitation with you.
She'll find the true call of what you've called her to do.
Candace Owens, you'll find your true call for what God has called you to do on a greater level.
The platform is just for the people to bring it, but God's going to use something more if you will just yield it to him.
He said you will soar if you will just yield to him; there's more that he has for you behind another door.
There is greater influence.
You've hit a plateau for what he's wanting to do to take you to the next level.
This door is a big door, and there are carvings all on the front of it.
This has to do with him.
What you've achieved so far has had a hand, but what he wants to take you to do is on another level concerning this young girl.
I don't know much about her, but I've seen her.
Great influence.
The Lord wants to do even on a greater level.
I delivered the word, and it's out of my thought.
It flowed the way he said it; it was beautiful.
He wants to do something so much more, to release it all for his glory.
He's bringing you to a new door.
Politics.
Being like the Cortez girl, she's sold for the radical left.
She'll be a radical right even at a greater capacity with her mouth.
But there are things that have turned.
God wants to take her from there to there, but she has to surrender to him.
He said, "Surrender to me all that you have, and I'll take you to the next level.
" He's had his hand on you, but he wants to take you to the next level.
I see this next level as a greater level with you.
You think the influence you've had so far is nothing compared to what God wants to do with you if you yield to him and call out to him.
Yield your heart to him.
Sell out to Jesus; lose the pride.
He has great voices that he wants to use, like Alex Jones.
Very interesting.
I see Alex, but Tucker is so far out there.
Alex is closer.
You see levels of where they are with the Lord.
Tucker's out there; Alex is just right there.
Become like a John the Baptist.
There are just some rough edges, some things that he questions because he's been hurt, but God's going to use him.
He'll spare his life to use him for all for the glory.
We pray for Alex, his marriage, and his family for divine protection on them so they'll become a louder mouthpiece for him in these last days.
Same with Candace..
Do you feel that anointing?
When he visits like that, I love it.
Oh Father, we give you the glory.
What a friend we have in Jesus.
It goes back to her childhood.
Deep roots.
Grandma's praying.
Deep roots will give great fruits.
But it's something so big with politics, something so much more.
I'm talking influence for this young woman.
Diana, how old is she?
I'm calling her a young woman.
I see 36.
Well, then she's younger than us.
So she's young.
But whatever this is, you've not done anything compared to what God is about to do with you if you just yield to him.
Sell out to Jesus, Candace.
He has something so big for you.
I see it.
Something so beautiful.
Will you yield to the Father?
Will you sell out to him?
I surrender all.
So we all pray for her, that she has a radical visitation for what I just saw.
She's related to the storm.
Big rabbit hole.
The Lord says, "That's not so much a conspiracy at all.
" That's what the Spirit of the Lord says.
You have just a little bit longer with me.
We must pray for Venezuela.
An escalation of war is at the shore.
Father, I thank you that the people of Venezuela will not be under a dictator for much longer.
I thank you for a Christian government and for a revival that spreads all over Venezuela.
We call for the finances.
Keep our hand out of that.
It's a game of chess.
How do you stay the reserve currency of the world?
Strategic allies to Russia with the BRICS.
BRICS get stronger.
What backs BRICS?
Venezuela has oil and agriculture.
All I keep seeing are big derricks; massive oil money is what I keep seeing right now.
They're like the ones in the Gulf of Mexico, the big oil rigs.
This has to do with the BRICS.
A destabilization of the dollar is what they plan to do, along with CBDC.
It's not just about drugs; it's not just about trafficking.
It's the same thing with little Kim, the crazy "Rocket Man".
It's surrounding strategic allies concerning the BRICS with China, Russia, North Korea, Iran, Venezuela, and Cuba.
We thank you for the United States of America, that we have this reprieve and our finances will flourish like ripe cherries on a tree.
Father, I thank you, Lord, that the blessing of the Lord is on this nation.
That you anoint President Trump to get the job done.
Father, to bring forth the wealth of the sinner, laid up for the righteous, for the last outpouring of finances, that you anoint him and protect him.
We cover President Trump and pray that he will finish his job, to live long and finish strong.
And that, Father, he's protected.
He is protected with what he eats and what he drinks during this holiday season.
When he goes to foreign lands, when they try to give him something to drink or eat there, Father, may his people be watchful over where they're getting it.
Maybe just drink bottled water.
It's probably wise.
Just drink a good bottled water every time.
Take a case of water with you.
I would just say, 'You know what?
I'm just drinking my water.
I'm not drinking what you have in your glasses.
We aren't going to drink anything from you.
I don't care if it's coffee or not; I'm drinking my water today.
' We're good.
Father, I thank you, Lord, that he is protected everywhere he goes—when he's playing golf, when he's relaxing with his grandkids or his family.
Father, I thank you, Lord, that he has refreshing, that everything he does is blessed for the nation, and that you bless Eric and Don Jr.
with their business adventures.
I saw their wealth doubling and then tripling for the Trump Organization.
Father, for everything the devil had stolen, you'll restore it back.
Now, if you're watching, wouldn't that be an opportunity to learn something?
We pray for you.
It was going to double and triple, but wouldn't it be an opportunity for the body of Christ to learn something?
Educate yourself.
Watch.
Father, I thank you, Lord, that we're not ignorant.
Father, you said, 'My people perish for a lack of knowledge.
' May we be smart in these end times and have our eyes open, and we would see where the blessings are and take advantage of what you have for us, Father.
Thank you, Lord, that we lack no good thing.
Glory to God.
Thank you, Father, for the blessing of this channel and for every person who's represented here tonight praying with us.
I don't know how many people are left.
How many are here?
64.
Thank you for joining us tonight.
I feel a release.
I pray over Venezuela, as there were things there.
The main thing was to pray over that.
We can feel it really strong concerning that, praying for Candace.
I don't even know if she watches me ever, but maybe somebody could get that to her.
It would bless her.
I don't know.
She might think it's flaky.
I don't even know if she's a Christian.
I really don't.
She might think, 'That guy is way out of here.
' But it doesn't matter.
It's what the Lord said.
Whether she receives it or she doesn't, it's still what He said and what He has for her.
He desires for her and Erica and the storm that I see coming for Erica.
There's a storm and we pray for her.
We pray for these people, that God has His hand on them.
Thank you for the protection over my family and for us.
Thank you, Lord, for your hand on our household.
For you are good and your mercy endures forever.
We're so grateful for every voice piece you have in these last days, that we rise up and we are not weak, but we have a backbone like a crowbar and we stand for what's good.
We stand for what's right in the face of adversity.
We keep standing and we say, 'Well, we're not moved by it.
' And that's what we are with everybody on this channel.
And that you become real to them, Father, in the mighty name of Jesus.
Amen and amen.
Well, if you're new here and you've never experienced a relationship with Jesus, if you've never asked Him into your heart, if Jesus Christ is not your Lord and Savior, it's time.
If you're here right now and you're watching this video and you're saying, 'Brandon, I know a lot about Him, but He doesn't know me,' that's what you have to ask yourself.
Does He know me?
You may know Him a little bit, but you heard about Him when you were in Sunday school as a kid.
But tonight's your night.
It's not just a coincidence that you're watching this video.
You were here because you were drawn here.
The Bible says that no man comes to the Father unless he's drawn by Him.
And I believe with all my heart that tonight you're here for such a time as this.
The very shoes you put on today to go to work, the undertaker might be taking them off.
You're not promised tomorrow.
None of us are.
So you're here and today is the day of salvation.
There's a heaven to gain and a hell to shun.
My friend Jesus, it's appointed unto man once to die and after that, the judgment.
But I'm asking you tonight, if this was the last moment on earth, where would you spend eternity?
You have to ask yourself, 'Does Jesus know me?
Is my name written in the Lamb's Book of Life?
' You say, 'I don't know,' but tonight's your night.
You can know.
All you have to do is repeat this simple prayer with me and mean it with your whole heart.
The Bible says, 'With the heart confession is made unto salvation.
' And all you have to do is say it with your whole heart.
And Jesus is an ever-present help in a time of need.
He's always there with His arms wide open, welcoming you home.
He's knocking on the door of your heart and He's saying, 'Come home tonight.
Don't go down this road anymore living without Him.
Tonight's your night to come home.
' As I say this prayer, I want you to be bold in your decision for Him and say, 'Tonight, I want to be saved.
' Say in the comment section right now: 'Tonight's my night.
I need Jesus.
Tonight's my night.
I want to be saved.
I'm coming home.
I've been wayward.
I've been living crazy.
I don't want to live this way anymore.
Tonight's my night.
I'm coming back to Jesus.
I can't do this anymore.
I need Jesus.
' Just like the prodigal son that came to himself in the pigpen and he ran back to the Lord.
He ran back to his father, and the father was ready to kill the fatted calf.
The father was ready with his robe and he said, 'Son, I'm so glad you've come home.
' He was not mad.
He didn't say, 'Well, you just go out here and work in my fields, you ungrateful little brat.
' He said, 'No, let's kill the fatted calf.
Let's have a celebration.
My son is home.
My daughter's home.
' Tonight's your night.
Tonight's the night of salvation.
Tonight's your night to make a fresh, clean start.
Don't squander this opportunity.
Don't give it up and say, 'Oh, maybe later on.
' You never know.
I want you to be real with Jesus.
When you get real with God, God will become real with you.
So I'm going to say this prayer and I want you to say it with your whole heart.
Say: 'Jesus, I believe you're the son of God.
I believe that you died for me and you rose again on the third day.
I ask you to forgive me of my sins.
I ask you to wash me.
Make me clean.
I turn my back on the world, Lord.
I turn my back on the devil.
I turn my back on my sin.
And from this day forward, Lord, I serve you.
I ask you, God, to help me with what I've been messing around with.
Help me.
I can't do this on my own.
From this day forward, Lord, I dedicate my life to you.
I dedicate my whole life to you, that I will serve you with all my heart.
Help me.
For you said, all have sinned and come short of the glory.
' But tonight, Lord, I confess my sins.
You said you're faithful and just to forgive me of my sins and cleanse me of all unrighteousness.
I thank you that you write my name in the Lamb's book of life.
I thank you, Lord, that you do it right now, that you've done it for me.
I serve you, Lord, in Jesus' name.
I commit my heart to you.
Amen.
That's it.
I believe with the heart confession is made unto salvation, just like the Bible says.
And if you just said that prayer, I believe you're a born-again Christian.
Welcome to the family.
We rejoice in your decision tonight.
We rejoice with you.
And if you were wayward and you just come back to the Lord and you're sold out, saying, 'I sell out to Jesus tonight,' we're excited for your decision.
Now, what do you do?
I would go to a non-denominational church.
That's where Diana and I would go.
We'd get plugged in there, tell that pastor, 'I just got born again watching a YouTube video,' and tell them, 'I need to be water baptized.
' Get radically on fire for the Lord by keeping your fire lit and fanning the flame, and just keep yourself stirred up.
I'm telling you, the best is yet to come.
Jesus is coming and you just made it right in the nick of time.
I'm telling you, things are about to get really crazy, but you just made the best decision you could have ever made.
Now, what should you do?
You need to find a Bible and you need to read your Bible every day, and you need to pray.
Seek him daily.
Come over here and pray with us.
Come to these live streams.
Be a part of our YouTube broadcast, pray with us, and read your Bible.
Now, you may not have a Bible, so I want to buy you your first Bible for free just to celebrate your decision tonight.
If you can't afford a Bible and you want one, Diana and I would love to buy you your first Bible.
If you would just go down into the description, you will find our email address.
If you put in the subject line of the email, 'I need a Bible', and then put your name and address, we will send one to you.
All of heaven is rejoicing, and we rejoice with you.
It's a great day—the best day of your life to accept Jesus Christ.
It is the best decision.
A total of 54 people gave their heart to Jesus Christ tonight, and we're excited that you're here, all 54.
Isn't that wonderful, Diana?
That's wonderful.
Fifty-four is a lot.
A lot of people gave their heart to Jesus—60-some last night, 54 tonight.
Welcome to the family.
That was a good broadcast, wasn't it?
I'm excited we're here.
If you could do us a favor—we never ask you for anything, but there's one thing we do ask of you.
Like, comment down below, click the notification bell, and do everything you can to help us get the gospel out.
It's one soul at a time, 54 at a time.
All glory to Jesus.
And I believe we're all believing for a one-million-man-and-woman prayer army that we can touch the nations for the Lord.
We believe that we're on our way.
We need less than 20,000 to get to 600,000, and man, that is so cool to be able to say.
We are so close.
Many hands make light work.
It's what the Lord said to believe for after that.
I don't know what he wants me to do, but he said, 'Believe me for a million-man-and-woman prayer army and pray for the nations.
' Through your prayers, we will change things.
We have 582,058 people that have joined the prayer army.
I pray that everybody who has joined would show up and pray, but we'll get there, for many hands make light work.
And we pray for people like Candace because we know that God has much more in store for this woman.
I believe it now even more so.
I wasn't really sure about all that, but I tell you what I saw tonight in the vision: God has a big door for her, and he's going to do something amazing for her if she will yield.
He said, 'Get rid of pride.
Just yield and fall for him.
Just sell out.
There's something so big that he wants to do.
' I believe that the best is yet to come for a lot of people.
It was for politics, something huge.
I don't even know if it's a Senate race or a Congress seat, but something big.
I'm venturing to say that it's something like a Senate seat—something huge with politics.
And it will be a massive step for a lot more; it won't be just YouTube.
It will be something huge.
All glory to Jesus.
Isn't it amazing?
We love you all.
Do you have any questions?
5,500 people are still here.
Flamin' Hot Cheetos—I always see that name.
You are a dedicated prayer.
We're thankful for every one of you.
They make me hungry.
You're doing it for Jesus.
Do they have any questions?
Nothing?
I know it was kind of a different prayer session tonight, but that's where the Lord wanted to go.
Well, God bless you all.
We'll be back again tomorrow to pray with you and see where the Holy Spirit takes us down the Holy Ghost River.
I say we go tubing.
You never know where the river is going.
It's fun.
You just get in that little tube and let the river take you.
You're praying out there, you've got your soda in your hand, you're enjoying the sun, and he just leads us.
The river takes you.
Adventure with Jesus.
Where is the river going to flow?
It's where the Holy Ghost goes.
Let us go where the Holy Ghost goes.
He's the river.
It's like being out there in my big tube.
It's a visual, but that's the way I see it because you never know where it's going.
You just ask, 'Where are you going today, Lord?
' and I just keep going with you.
It's just being with Jesus.
I'll go wherever he is.
As long as he's there, count me in.
I want to be where the Lord is.
Isn't that going to be wonderful to be able to say that for eternity?
Nothing else matters.
All the other stuff—who cares?
All I want is Jesus.
Whatever the world has is nothing compared to him.
One moment with him, one fresh touch from Jesus is all you'll need.
You'll be hooked.
One experience, one fresh 'I love you' is all you need.
Nothing else matters.
He's wonderful.
It's that touch, and you're hooked like me.
You say bold stuff on the internet because he tells you to do it.
I say all to the glory of Jesus every time.
If they try to do something, all to the glory of Jesus.
My life and my wife's life are in his hands.
We give all glory to Jesus, in this life and in the next, all to his glory.
Saying all that to say this, we pray this video blessed you today and we'll see you again tomorrow.
Remember, put a smile on your face and a song in your heart.
We love you, Jesus loves you, and we'll see you again tomorrow.
Bye-bye.